OSDOCS-4071: Updates to dynamic plug-in deployment procedure (#49996)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/deployment-plug-in-cluster.adoc

[id="deploy-on-cluster_{context}"]
= Deploy your plug-in on a cluster

After pushing an image with your changes to a registry, you can deploy the plug-in to a cluster. A Helm chart is available to deploy a plug-in to a {product-title} environment. 

.Procedure

* To deploy your plug-in to a cluster, install a Helm chart with the name of the plug-in as the Helm release name into a new namespace or an existing namespace as specified by the `my-plugin-namespace` parameter. Provide the location of the image within the `plugin.image` parameter by using the following command:

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ helm upgrade -i  my-plugin charts/openshift-console-plugin -n my-plugin-namespace --create-namespace --set plugin.image=my-plugin-image-location
----

> 

Author: I think I may need to add this as a note below the procedure:
```suggestion
NOTE
----
You can specify additional parameters by using the values set of supported parameters:
+
[source,yaml]
----
plugin:
  name: ""
  description: ""
  image: ""
  imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
  replicas: 2
  port: 9443
  securityContext:
    enabled: true
  podSecurityContext:
    enabled: true
    runAsNonRoot: true
    seccompProfile:
      type: RuntimeDefault
  containerSecurityContext:
    enabled: true
    allowPrivilegeEscalation: false
    capabilities:
      drop:
        - ALL
  resources:
    requests:
      cpu: 10m
      memory: 50Mi
  basePath: /
  certificateSecretName: ""
  serviceAccount:
    create: true
    annotations: {}
    name: ""
  patcherServiceAccount:
    create: true
    annotations: {}
    name: ""
  jobs:
    patchConsoles:
      enabled: true
      image: "registry.redhat.io/openshift4/ose-tools-rhel8@sha256:e44074f21e0cca6464e50cb6ff934747e0bd11162ea01d522433a1a1ae116103"
      podSecurityContext:
        enabled: true
        runAsNonRoot: true
        seccompProfile:
          type: RuntimeDefault
      containerSecurityContext:
        enabled: true
        allowPrivilegeEscalation: false
        capabilities:
          drop:
            - ALL
      resources:
        requests:
          cpu: 10m
          memory: 50Mi
```

Author: Added as an optional step.

[id="deploy-on-cluster_{context}"]
= Deploy your plug-in on a cluster

After pushing an image with your changes to a registry, you can deploy the plug-in to a cluster. A Helm chart is available to deploy a plug-in to a {product-title} environment. 

.Procedure

> . To deploy your plug-in to a cluster, install a Helm chart with the name of the plug-in as the Helm release name into a new namespace or an existing namespace as specified by the `my-plugin-namespace` parameter. Provide the location of the image within the `plugin.image` parameter by using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To deploy your plug-in to a cluster, install a Helm chart with the name of the plug-in as the Helm release name into a new namespace or an existing namespace as specified by the `-n` command-line option. Provide the location of the image within the `plugin.image` parameter by using the following command:
```

[id="deploy-on-cluster_{context}"]
= Deploy your plug-in on a cluster

After pushing an image with your changes to a registry, you can deploy the plug-in to a cluster. A Helm chart is available to deploy a plug-in to a {product-title} environment. 

.Prerequisites

* You must have the Helm CLI installed. 

.Procedure

. To deploy your plug-in to a cluster, install a Helm chart with the name of the plug-in as the Helm release name into a new namespace or an existing namespace as specified by the `-n` command-line option. Provide the location of the image within the `plugin.image` parameter by using the following command:

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ helm upgrade -i  my-plugin charts/openshift-console-plugin -n my-plugin-namespace --create-namespace --set plugin.image=my-plugin-image-location

Reviewer 2: Shall we clarify that https://github.com/openshift/console-plugin-template should be cloned first?

Reviewer 2: it looks like we don't have content [console-plugin-template](https://github.com/openshift/console-plugin-template ) should be cloned first as an example in https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/web_console/dynamic-plug-ins.html

Author: I have added a prerequisite step here. I am addressing adding steps to clone in [this topic](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/web_console/dynamic-plug-ins.html#getting-started-with-dynamic-plugins_dynamic-plugins) in a separate PR.

[id="deploy-on-cluster_{context}"]
= Deploy your plug-in on a cluster

> After pushing an image with your changes to a registry, you can deploy the plug-in to a cluster. A Helm chart is available to deploy a plug-in to a {product-title} environment. 

Reviewer: The image is developed by forking the GitHub repo, making code changes to do what you want to do, then building an image. There is an example just above to add a tab to the pod page to show how to do that.

.Prerequisites

> * You must have cloned the link:https://github.com/openshift/console-plugin-template[`console-plugin-template`].

Reviewer: Can I flip it around and ask why we want it to be part of the product? It's a code example that is boilerplate for creating a plugin, not part of the product.

Packaging a git repo as files in an image sounds painful for the user. The MTC use case looks different to me. You're installing something as-is, not developing something new on your own.

> * You must have cloned the link:https://github.com/openshift/console-plugin-template[`console-plugin-template`].

Reviewer: This use case is more like the s2i code examples we have on GitHub today.
